# HCI-defense-project

Making food at home is a great way
to enjoy meals that are both healthy
and tasty. When you cook for
yourself, you can choose fresh
ingredients and control how much
salt, sugar, or fat goes into your
food. It also gives you the chance
to try new things and be creative
in the kitchen. Whether it's
breakfast, lunch, or dinner,
homemade meals can be fun and
rewarding to make.

Cooking at home can also be better
for your health. You can use more 
fruits, vegetables, and whole 
grains, which are good for your 
body. According to the Harvard T.H. 
Chan School of Public Health 
(2021), preparing meals at home is 
linked to healthier eating habits 
and a lower risk of many diseases. 
So, cooking your own food isn’t 
just fun — it can help you feel 
better, too.
